All right. Welcome back.
Hopefully, you had some time to try out hacking your first contract.
In this video, we'll write just a few lines of code that
exploit the weakness we went over from the previous video.
So, to start, we note two things about the code that we need to write.
First, we know that we need our payout function to call the withdrawal coins function.
This is done using recursion,
and will place the call at the bottom of our payout function.
Next, we need to set a limit to the number of times the withdrawal can happen.
We'll do that using a loop.
For this, let's say we set our variable to 20.
Then we say, if our variable is greater than zero,
call the function again.
That's it. Just a few lines of code for a couple million dollars.
To see how this works, let's head over to remix to test it for ourselves.
First, deploy the fundraiser contract using the JavaScript VM.
Next, deploy the wallet contract the same way.
The only thing to add here is that you do need to
grab the deployed address from the fundraiser,
and then deploy it to that.
After this, you need to add funds to each of these wallets.
I'll add 200 wei to the fundraiser,
and 100 wei to the wallet.
We can check the balance of each wallet using these functions here.
Okay. We're all set up.
Start by contributing five wei from the wallet.
You can now check the balance for each contract again by clicking get balance.
Next, click the payout function for the wallet.
This might take a second but you'll see in
the terminal when this is successfully executed.
Once it's done, check the balance one more time on each of these contracts.
What you'll see is that you just cleared out
20 times the amount of wei you originally contributed to the wallet.
Congratulations, you're rich.
But if you run the payout one more time,
it doesn't take out anymore wei.
That's because after the recursion was done,
the contract successfully reached the line that set your balance to zero.
So, there you go. We just hacked our first wallet.
Hopefully, this gives you a better understanding of each step of
the process from the initial creation of the wallet,
to finding the weakness,
and finally how someone would exploit this weakness.
The last step we'll take is really important to.
Now that we know whats wrong, how do we fix it?
I'll take another quick break here to give you some time to think about it.
When you're ready, I'll see you in the next video where we'll
go over how to prevent this from happening in the future.